change: App ID configuration setting to use Project ID (#199)
rakutentech/android-miniapp: CHANGELOG.md

**SDK**
- **Feature:** Mini App can call media execution play/pause programmatically.
- **Change:** Added the default implementation for external link handler. Using [custom tab](https://developers.google.com/web/android/custom-tabs).

> - **Change:** `MiniAppSdkConfig.rasAppId` has been deprecated, use `MiniAppSdkConfig.rasProjectId` instead

Reviewer: Actually, `MiniAppSdkConfig` does not present for our sdk setting so I think you can put it like this:
```suggestion
- **Change:** `com.rakuten.tech.mobile.ras.AppId` has been deprecated, use `com.rakuten.tech.mobile.ras.ProjectId` instead. See [this](miniapp/USERGUIDE.md#2-configure-sdk-settings-in-androidmanifestxml).
```

- **Feature:** Mini App can call media execution play/pause programmatically.
- **Change:** Added the default implementation for external link handler. Using [custom tab](https://developers.google.com/web/android/custom-tabs).
- **Change:** `isTestMode` has been deprecated and replaced with `isPreviewMode` to adopt the Preview mode. See [this](miniapp/USERGUIDE.md#2-configure-sdk-settings-in-androidmanifestxml).
- **Change:** `com.rakuten.tech.mobile.ras.AppId` has been deprecated, use `com.rakuten.tech.mobile.ras.ProjectId` instead. See [this](miniapp/USERGUIDE.md#2-configure-sdk-settings-in-androidmanifestxml).

**Sample App**
- **Change:** Updated setting of external webview.

> - **Change:** Used `isPreviewMode` in sample app. "Preview Mode" switch in the settings screen is visible now.

Author: new change after fixed conflict.
